Samsung has announced the Galaxy NX the
world's first compact system camera
designed to bridge the gap between
smartphones and enthusiasts additional
cameras by supporting 3G 4G LTE data
connectivity taking its place as the new
flagship model in the NX series the
Samsung Galaxy NX adopts the Android
operating system that was rolled out in
the Samsung Galaxy camera last year and
offers greater flexibility with his
interchangeable lens design that makes
it fully compatible with Samsung's
lineup of 13 10 x series lenses the
Galaxy NX features a twenty point three
megapixel aps-c mo sensor partnered by
the dream four image processor with an
ISO sensitivity range of a hundred to
25600 the Galaxy NX shoots a continuous
burst as fast as 8.6 frames per second
but the fastest shutter speed being one
six thousandths of a second the 4.8 inch
super clear TFT LCD capacitive
touchscreen at the rear is enormous and
it's fair to say that in a different
league completely to the smaller three
inch display we used to seeing another
compact system cameras and DSLRs it's
pin-sharp and extremely responsive I
only doubt it's how much power it uses
and whether it'll have an effect on the
battery life and how many shots you'll
be able to take on a single charge
something that Samsung had to disclose
the Galaxy NX features full manual
control as well as auto modes there are
over 30 smart modes for those who'd like
to produce creative images and of course
the Android 4.2 jellybean operating
system opens up endless possibilities
with over 700,000 applications available
to download from the Google Play Store
including numerous photo apps
overall the Samsung Galaxy NX looks like
it's going to be a formidable camera if
it manages to combine the image quality
and performance of the NX 302 which we
gave a Gold Award with a user experience
of the Galaxy camera I'm sure it'd be a
great success and find an eager market
you